{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Joshua Coventry}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13560\viewh13100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 PRESS RELEASE: FOR RELEASE ON APRIL 10TH\
Fastforward releases QuickSnap 1.0, new screen capture utility for OS X\

\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f2\i April 11, 2007
\f1\i0 \'d1Fastforward today released QuickSnap 1.0, a new screen capture utility for Mac OS X which boasts a wide range of features for only $14.95. QuickSnap includes three main capture options: Screen, Window and Selection, and can save screenshots in several different formats.  \
\
QuickSnap includes support for hot keys, a status menu, timed screenshots and more. With QuickSnap, it is also possible to capture screenshots of the DVD Player, making it a perfect tool for creating galleries of screenshots from movies. QuickSnap is also ideal for taking screenshots of web pages and desktops.\
\
A free unlicensed version of QuickSnap can be downloaded from the Fastforward website. A single-user license costs $14.95 US dollars. <http://www.fastforwardsw.com/products/quicksnap/>\
\
QuickSnap feature overview:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Capture the screen, a window or user-defined selection easily\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Use hot keys to take screenshots\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Use a status menu to access QuickSnap from anywhere\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Take timed screenshots\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Use a variety of different file formats\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Save screenshots in a location of your choice\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 About Fastforward\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Fastforward develops, publishes and distributes applications for Mac OS X. Fastforward helps independent shareware developers around the world by financing projects and providing the business knowledge they need in order to succeed. Fastforward is located in Sheffield, England and was founded in 2006.
\fs22 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Press Contact:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Joshua Coventry\
Fastforward Software\
info@fastforwardsw.com}